showcasing everyday Indian cooking I'm
today going to make chicken curry very
simple just cutting chicken in small
pieces and we'll cook it in yogurt base
in yogurt curry so let's go ahead and
get started I'm using 350 grams of
boneless chicken cut into small pieces I
also have here two small potatoes
cut in small chunks and ginger garlic
green chili onion some basic Indian
spices half a cup of yogurt and tomato
paste now what I'm going to do is here
in my wok I have two tablespoons of oil
heating up and as soon as it's hot
enough we'll go ahead and add one
teaspoon of cumin seeds looks like while
his hot mouth we'll go ahead and add a 1
teaspoon of cumin seeds look at that
they're spluttering right away so we'll
go ahead and add onions ginger garlic
and green chillies so I'm using 1 large
chopped onion 3 4 cloves of garlic
chopped 1 inch piece of ginger and 1
small green chilli so we'll try them out
until onion tone golden brown and ginger
garlic uses the raw flavor let's make
our yogurt gravy base so in my 1/2 cup
of yogurt here you can see it's nice and
thick we'll go ahead and add 1/2 a cup
of water and along with water we'll add
some spices so for spices half a
teaspoon of red chili powder half a
teaspoon of turmeric that's healthy salt
as per taste I'm adding 2 teaspoons and
half a teaspoon of coriander powder
adding coriander powder in so we'll mix
everything well together blend it with
the yogurt so that it's a nice smooth
liquid base right so our nice yogurt
gravy base is ready curry base is ready
if my onions have started to change
color they are not completely golden
brown that they have started to change
color so now I'll go ahead and add my
chicken pieces in and give it two
minutes until chicken is completely
sealed besides our white and we do that
so that when we cook chicken it doesn't
dry out
it remains moist and juicy and then we
add potatoes actually rose because it
helps in two ways number one he starch
in potatoes prevents yogurt from
curdling up secondly it lends a great
flavor to the dish and we are using
small pieces of chicken because it cooks
faster but you can also use like chicken
drumsticks or other cups chicken is
white from the outside so we'll go ahead
and add our tomatoes
give them two minutes potatoes have been
flying for two minutes now we'll go
ahead and add tomato paste 1/2 a
tablespoon silicon now we are not adding
too much of the middle face because
tomatoes are tangling yoga bassist Andy
you don't want to travel chicken Kelly
you still want to have a nice flavor to
that pie only profitable thing here all
right you can also use fresh tomatoes if
you want tomatoes are in now we'll go
ahead and add our yogurt base our curry
base and then cover it and let our
chicken cook for 5-6 minutes and then
it's completely done forgot sorry base
stir it in so that everything is nicely
blended together and cover it and let it
cook and keep stirring it in between so
that nothing sticks to the bottom of the
pan our chicken has been simmering for
5-6 minutes let's check and see the
curry looks ready check the chicken if
it's completely done from inside it's
good you can go ahead and eat it yep
completely wired it's done check the
potatoes they should be tender and if
they break easily they are done in just
the last finishing touch and add half a
teaspoon of garam masala gives a very
nice flavor aroma to the dish and pinch
of fenugreek leaves so I'm just going to
sprinkle dried fenugreek leaves called
kasoori methi and just before serving
add freshly chopped cilantro leaves go
ahead enjoy this meal with roti naan
rice and don't forget to subscribe and
comment on ET Sinden channel looking
forward to see your comments
citing delicious tempting chicken curry
for you